why hello people of YouTube um look at
me I'm so sunburned oh yeah too much fun
on your birthday I'm so happy to be back
home because hey don't you touch my
camera we have a finding animals in the
room when I'm they sao chai everybody
take a nap okay you guys so right when I
came back from the beautiful Cayman
Islands I knew to myself that I wanted
to make a hair tutorial oh I think my
hair about fri during over there it was
so hot and like I'm so used to the
countenance of California weather but me
no don't get time like this I look like
all the other selonian people I wanted
to do a tutorial which I wanted to kind
of make it like a palm tutorial but I
didn't really have a prom maybe because
nobody asked me I wouldn't really call
it a palm luck because hey hey don't you
lick her bungee I know you are not
looking Howard's ass who took the
brushes I wanted to give away one of
these really cute because I love things
that are printed so I wanted to give a
what a nice brushes for you guys it's
wrong to you guys tell which I will be
curling my hair with my hair
straightener I've never been to a high
school dance well unless middle school
counted I got kicked off the dance floor
in middle school because some idiot was
grinding his who on my leg when I think
of romantic I think of skipping in the
grass with the breeze blowing through my
hair and saw Shane into the wind until
the gardener pulls up Oh si senorita oh
oh oh so i want to show you how to do
this little bell right here and you are
getting this for fifty percent off at th
style so I have the link down below I'm
gonna be giving this away up into the
video so enjoy
one of our occasion that you were
enjoying such as your palm one of the
prettiest thing I love is loose curls oh
they'll loose with a girl the more
slightly romantic tell me by adding a
little twist to it like a bonus I'd
always screams good all right so I come
by here to get the tangles out of the
way with my TI brush which will give me
a smooth base to curl my hair and make a
bull on top one of the ways to add
volume is by straightening by using a
round brush by working it through your
strainer
now you want to grab a section of your
and tie it with a little plastic
scrunchie just like so okay so you want
to pin down the frontier and also my
hair is kind of numbered so it's not a
dandruff it's kind of a little peeling
LOL to make a bow you want to begin to
twist the hair back into a loop and pin
it back and do the same thing on the
other side now you want to begin curling
halfway of your entire hair away from
your face make sure you do this very
precisely and not to the top of your
head when you're curling because you
want it to be loose so do it more at the
end and then you're gonna want to come
it out all right my favorite part
choosing oh yeah girl oh yeah girl give
it the Texas stop and make sure you use
a lot of hairspray for it now we're
going on your head and it should
somewhat look like the luminous just
like this and this is my romantic curl
with a little bit of a bow on top just
kind of given a little girly girly style
I hope you enjoyed that also with your
fifty percent off the straightener you
get a free round brush and also flat
brush with your purchase and thank you
guys for watching saw watch and see the
links down below bye babes
you